# AI-Summer-School
## 1. Abstract: 
According to the National Road Safety Agency (NARSA) statistics recorded by the end of 2022, Morocco has registered 3201 road accidents including 113 740 body injuries which affects directly the safety of each one of us. Therefore, these unpleasant numbers influence negatively the Moroccan picture worldwide.  Ru’ya innovation tends to help and facilitate the task for assurance and for individuals. The main idea is to give users the ability to take a picture of the accident they witnessed and get in return a precise description of its severity. The second main impact of Ru’ya application is the recommendation part, where users will have pieces of advice regarding the severity of the scene. To make this work, we used a hybridization between two main methods which are the Scenexplain model by Jina AI in order to make a captioning for the captured image. The output in the first stage will be an English text describing only the most important details in the image. The second step of the proposed process is to use Nllb translate to translate the text to the Moroccan Darija. The model has been tested on many images showing different levels of severity and got good and satisfactory results. Our team (Hanae Moussaoui, Badr Ben Elallid, Ilyasse Aboussaleh, Mohamed Rabii Simo) has researched the already existing methods or apps which are known as state-of-the-art (SOTA) methods and found that there are no previous applications treating this specific issue.
## 2. Instructions: 
All the instructions are provided on the Notbebook.
